phailakar By spreading  
puchenge Will ask  
ravishankar Ravi Shankar  
sochenge Will think  
banti Made up  
jimewar Time wise  
airlifted airlifted  
pados The neighborhood  
dijiyega Will give  
niklegi Will come out  
sunega Will listen  
raatein The nights  
manayenge Will celebrate  
aparshakti Immense power  
mangogi Will you ask  
khaungi Will eat  
samjengi Will understand  
lagwane To put  
minakshiji Meenakshi ji  
chinkr By snatching  
najaney do not know  
dekhengay will see  
kholte Open up  
ladegi Will fight  
hatyaaye The murders  
dhundo Find out  
sambhalega Will handle  
shubhkanaye Wish you well  
yhe This only  
punyatithi death anniversary  
cultureand culture and  
manenge Will assume  
nikay The body  
chudegi Will release  
owais owais  
kamalnath Kamal Nath  
banwaya Got built  
andhbhakto Blind devotees  
milegi Will get  
prevailed prevailed  
itihaasnaama History Name  
aaiye Come on  
jodh The joint  
dhool Washed off  
jahazo The ships  
longsleeves long sleeve  
thopna To impose  
chlega Will work  
banta Be made  
kregi Will do  
kariyo Do it  
katwaye Get cut  
paav The feet  
bologe Will you speak  
supda The soup  
bhokna To bark  
aithe aithe  
payegi Will find  
sabkaakatega sabka katega  
shakaon The birds  
todega Will break  
payeapne 
aaplog you people  
kahlayengye Will be called  
bhabhiji sister in law  
tabtak till then  
karthahoon Will do  
jitayenge Will win  